Adds crypto key measurement type (#127)
ietf-rats-wg/draft-ietf-rats-corim: draft-ietf-rats-corim.md

[^issue]: Content missing. Tracked at https://github.com/ietf-rats-wg/draft-ietf-rats-corim/issues/71

##### Comparison for cryptokeys entries

The value stored under `measurement-values-map` key 12 is an array of `$crypto-key-type-choice` entries. `$crypto-key-type-choice` entries are CBOR tagged values.
The array contains one or more entries in sequence.

The CBOR tag of the first entry of the Reference Value `cryptokeys` array is compared with
the CBOR tag of the first entry of the Accepted Claims Set `cryptokeys` value.
If the CBOR tags match, then the bytes following the CBOR tag from the Reference Value entry
are compared with the bytes following the CBOR tag from the Accepted Claims Set entry.
If the byte strings match, and there is another array entry,
then the next entry from the Reference Values array is likewise
compared with the next entry of the Accepted Claims Set array.

> If all entrys of the Reference Values array matches a corresponding entry in the Accepted Claims Set array, then the `cryptokeys` Reference Value matches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If all entries of the Reference Values array match a corresponding entry in the Accepted Claims Set array, then the `cryptokeys` Reference Value matches.
```
